deletes externalId.md (#492)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Vocabularies/ExternalIdentifierType.md

- other: Used when the type doesn't match any of the other options.
- pkgUrl: https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec
- securityOther: Used when there is a security related identifier of unspecified type.

> - spdxdoc: An identifier for another SPDX Document, e.g. the other SPDX document's namespace appended by #SPDXRef-DOCUMENT as defined in the SPDX 2.3 specification: https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/document-creation-information/#63-spdx-identifier-field

Author: ```suggestion
- spdxId: An identifier for a SPDX 3 Element, SPDX 3 Collection, or SPDX 2 Document outside of this SPDX data, e.g. the other SPDX document's namespace appended by #SPDXRef-DOCUMENT as defined in the SPDX 2.3 specification: https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/document-creation-information/#63-spdx-identifier-field
```
